[Laughter]
no turn off your facecam tub it's it's
recording tub they die this is the [__]
deserved it we should probably specify
that this payor sponsored by buy my bike
stock oh it's nice it's not sponsored by
bikes [__] Jesus Christ dumbass
sucks at laundry Travis God wants you to
get these squad hands for the crew
tonight Travis Scott wants you to make
the bacon and secure the bag in
fortnight
well on your Samsung Galaxy he looks
like he's going through some sort of
withdrawal oh sorry guys oh [__] Oh what
what's wrong so you already recorded
this beta man record what a new
collaborative project featuring Hatsune
Miku Domino's app featuring Domino's
would work with Hatsune Miku and there's
a long time coming man doesn't say
anything on your shirt bud the cage gets
surrounded by a bunch of silver people
and a fortnight's - wait what did you
say to me
Jago thank you well what was that
selling that's how how you use a
computer me at 11 p.m. every night I'm
off work today we beat it all day
there's a commercial amigas this is a
water commercial by water this is a Star
Wars commercial is Carson plugging his
ad he got paid to put in this video no
doesn't matter you see it in a roll it's
a sure plug may I come on knock over his
monitor again it's 30 more seconds of
this by the way yeah how long have you
been holding on to that I made that
today it's gonna get stuck I don't know
why you piss on a shove this dick right
into it I love jumping at sky Zone
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'm so disgustingly horrific you don't
have to drink it every day spit it into
my hand or see
you gotta help before you die you go
there alive
speaking of weird promoted stuff oh yeah
painful I got that I was at school I was
like see I've been on a crusade to block
every like major corporation that um
promotes tweets to me so I get stuff
like this
this guy just says painful your next
video is guaranteed to have a comment
section filled with nothing but painful
I doubt that will happen see the kid who
put his finger in the Kursk uber so like
the Nickelodeon one where they don't
like all just little chompers if you
couldn't tell by now this video
sponsored by Nord VPN Nord VPN is a
trusted online security solution used by
over hundreds of thousands of Internet
users worldwide it's actually now one of
the most trusted privacy and security
service providers in the world there's
thousands of servers in over 60
countries I can connect from anywhere I
want to Here I am connecting to Iceland
what's up
Iceland not only that but they also have
24/7 customer support on the Nord VPN
website Nord VPN is offering my viewers
66% off a two-year plan that's about 399
per month just go to Nord VPN comm slash
call me Carson or click the link in the
description to sign up and start
protecting yourself
that's Nord VPN dot-com /c a ll em e c
AR s o n u s-- co - call me Carson
it gets started with Norview p.m. today
[Music]